[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats formed
a pirate alliance with Law
and defeated
the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had seized
control of Dressrosa.
Now, at last,
the kingdom is at peace.
[TSURU]
Admiral Fujitora.
Why haven't you
seized that pirate?
You've confirmed that he's here.
So what's the holdup?
Straw Hat Luffy.
To us, he's a wanted man.
To them, a hero.
Should I bring him in?
Or let him walk,
because he saved this kingdom?
The decision weighs
heavily on my mind.
Huh?
Oh, right! About your dad.
We've heard talk!
[gasps]
He was a prince
from some faraway land!
And rumor has it, that prince
and your mother eloped!
But then, the prince
was killed in the war.
Isn't that just terrible?
So Lady Scarlet and Rebecca--
I mean, Lady Rebecca,
ended up living
undercover in Dressrosa.
What a bizarre rumor!
We know for certain
that Sir Kyros
is the maiden's
father, do we not?
[KYROS] I was the person
who got that rumor started.
It's because of my past.
[KYROS] I was a criminal,
and someone of my low breeding
could never marry royalty.
This is... better for her.
[LUFFY]
No it isn't!
Does Rebecca know
about all this stuff?
She must've read my note.
I told her the honest truth
about my whole life.
[FUJITORA]
So it's a six, then.
This is providence!
All troops, advance!
Find the Straw Hats and Law,
and then capture them!
Also, arrest every criminal
that's within the palace.
Let's bring all of them down!
[BASTILLE] The only way
they can escape is by sea.
And we've already taken control
of all the ports in town.
We've got men everywhere!
There's no place left
for them to run.
Go! I want all of you
on high alert!
[MARINES]
Sir!
I suppose I'll leave
the rest to you, then.
[BASTILLE]
Right!
[KYROS]
They're on their way now!
We need to prepare quick!
[gasps] Our luck has run out!
There's nothing left to prepare,
we ensured we were ready
to escape days ago.
We were waiting for
Sir Luffy to awaken.
Yes. Though it worked
in our favor,
I must admit it was strange that
they didn't come for us earlier.
There's just one problem.
We are in need of a vessel!
That means we're dead!
We're not getting
anywhere without a ship!
Hey, Leo!
Have you carried out
the request I made?
Yes, of course, sir.
I followed your
instructions to the letter!
Keep your distance,
it's too dangerous!
[MARINE B]
We're here to capture pirates!
Stay out of the way!
No! They'll get Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN A]
Uh-oh.
Some of the Marines are
heading up to the Palace, too!
All of the fighters
will need help!
Aw! Thanks for your
concern, little pal!
But don't worry, we've been
keeping an eye out for the Navy
ourselves this whole time,
so it'll be all right!
[LEO]
That's good!
Time to get going!
I'll lead the way!
We're gonna make a beeline
for the port in the east!
[USOPP]
Hey, wait!
They've got Marines
all over the city!
We can't just plow
right through them!
That's no sweat!
We knew you'd be
ready to skip town
as soon as everybody was awake,
so our people are set up in
strategic places to help you!
They've been on standby
for a while now!
They'll clear a path
for you, easy!
[BARTOLOMEO] Plus there's a ship
waiting at the eastern port!
[FRANKY]
Man, you're a lifesaver!
We let Nami's group
take the Sunny,
so we were in kind of a bind!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Anything for youse guys!
[BARTOLOMEO] We all fought
together as a team!
You think we'd just roll over
and let 'em take
our star player away?
Bellamy. Can you walk?
Yeah. Or run, if I need to.
[LUFFY]
All right! Good to hear!
[BELLAMY] Trafalgar.
Why didn't you leave me
to my fate back there?
Thanks to you,
I lost my place to die!
Straw Hat said that
you were a friend of his,
so I carried you.
Die here if you want.
Now that those tiny people
have patched me up,
it's like I was never injured!
So what makes you think
I'm gonna be killed off
by a run-in with the damn Navy?
Then find another way
to die, dumbass.
What'd you say?
That's a pretty stupid way
of saying thank you.
[MARINES yelling]
They're here! There's no more
time for chit-chat!
Time to start hauling some ass!
[BARTOLOMEO]
This way, comrades!
[MARINE C]
Found 'em!
[MARINE D] Don't let those
pirates get away! Shoot, now!
[USOPP screaming]
Wait, I've got just
the thing! Barrier!
[MARINE E]
Don't let up! Fire at will!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Everybody follow me, all right?
We don't wanna get
snapped up by Fujitora!
Stick together no matter what!
Huh? Mister Luffy!
You guys can go on ahead.
I got something I need to do!
[BARTOLOMEO]
What?!
We don't have a lot
of time here, Luffy!
So whatever it is,
make it quick!
We'll wait for you there!
'Kay, see ya!
[ZORO]
Let's go!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Actually, you're running
to the south, Mister Zoro!
But somehow you
still look awesome!
There's Straw Hat!
Let's shoot him down!
Now, Gum-Gum Balloon, go!
[grunts]
[MARINES gasp]
How 'bout Gum-Gum Gatling!
[TANK]
You called?
[DOLDO]
Tank. Good.
I need you to summon Viola
and Rebecca for me, please.
[TANK]
Yes, sir.
We'll address the town
and declare that my family and I
will be returning to the throne,
if that's what they want.
Gladly, sir!
I've been looking forward
to this day for so long!
[DOLDO] Now we can start
again from the beginning.
[REBECCA]
What? Lucy?
[VIOLET]
Yes, they're about to set sail
to escape from the Navy.
Oh no! They can't!
I haven't had a chance
to say thank you!
[FUJITORA] Could today be the
day his luck finally runs out?
[yells]
[FUJITORA] Fate's protected him
from my hand until now!
[BASTILLE] From this point on,
instead of Issho,
I'm commanding all units!
And I want you to
keep tracking down
the criminals who were hidden
inside the Palace, got it?
[MARINES]
Sir!
What about Straw Hat's
group who were
seen running from
the hill in Carta?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Just follow the flag, everybody!
[USOPP gasps]
Are you okay,
Mister Sniper King?
You're even cool
when you fall down!
[USOPP gasping]
Are you sure it's safe to run
straight through the town
with Marines everywhere?
Would I lie to you?
Just keep running
and trust me, sir!
[MARINE H] We're pursuing
the pirates as we speak!
It looks like they're making
their way to the eastern port!
[BASTILLE] Roger that.
Get that port on the line, now!
[JEET] Yes, hello, you've
reached the Navy lookout unit
currently stationed at
the eastern port, over!
[MARINES groan]
[ABDULLAH]
Everything's good here! Over!
[MARINES groan]
"Everything is good"?
Would it kill you to
take this more seriously?
The pirates are headed
straight toward you right now!
[JEET] I don't think so.
It's all quiet on our end!
Don't bother
sending backup. Over!
Over!
[IDEO chuckles]
[BASTILLE]
Oh yeah?
Give me your name
and your Marine code!
[JEET]
My what? Uh, let's see.
[BASTILLE]
Damn it all!
They've taken control
of the eastern port!
Send in some reinforcements!
[MARINE I]
Sir!
[MARINES groan]
Head straight to the port!
We can cover for you!
Thank you!
[MARINES groan]
Don't waste our time
on that thank you crap!
[MARINES groan]
We owe you guys.
We'll be paying you back
for a long time!
[USOPP]
Really, a roadblock?
[ALL]
Huh?
[MARINES gasp]
--All clear.
--Wow, you're the best!
[MARINES groaning]
We've located the
criminals who were
supposed to be at
the Royal Palace,
but for some reason, they're all
in the middle of town, sir!
[BASTILLE]
What?
Wait a second, are you telling
me that the Palace is empty?
[MARINE K]
No way!
Ugh. Come on! Seriously?
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Ah crap, my arm got stuck!
There he goes!
What's he doing?
[MARINES scream]
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Aw man, I'm getting dizzy.
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE N]
We're in front of the Palace!
[MARINES groan]
Um. Straw Hat's here!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum....
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
...Fireworks!
[MARINES groan]
[yells]
Rebecca! Hey!
Tell me where you are!
[BASTILLE]
What is Straw Hat doing
in front of the Royal Palace?
[groans] Do not
let him get away!
[MARINE N]
Right!
I know what'll knock
these guys out.
Gum-Gum Giant Pistol, go!
[thud]
My! What's that?
[LUFFY]
Rebecca!
[REBECCA gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hey! Rebecca!
Somebody's calling
for me, but why?
[REBECCA]
Lucy? Lucy!
I'm up here! Lucy!
[LUFFY gasps]
No! Don't speak to him, milady!
He's a filthy pirate!
There you are!
[SERVANT C gasps]
[LUFFY]
Rebecca!
Lucy! I'm here!
[REBECCA]
Thank goodness!
[GUARD A]
Straw Hat! What do you want?
[panting]
I'm so glad.
[GUARD A] Please get back,
Lady Rebecca!
[REBECCA]
Huh?
Straw Hat?
What a relief!
You're still here!
Listen. I wanted to
say thank you for--
Shut up! That's not
the reason why I came!
Are you okay with all of this?
[REBECCA]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
Soldier, I mean!
[gasps]
He's gonna leave forever!
[REBECCA] Well, the thing is,
he sent me a letter.
[REBECCA] It sounds like
he's trying to put
as much distance between
him and me as possible.
[REBECCA] He wants us to be
strangers from now on.
[REBECCA]
Oh, shut up!
Stop acting like
you're my father!
[REBECCA]
It must be because of
the terrible things
I said to him.
[REBECCA]
You can't beat Doflamingo!
Look at yourself!
You're just a broken
toy with one leg!
[REBECCA]
Do you think he doesn't
want us to live together?
Maybe I'm just a nuisance!
Beats me! Not my call!
I just came to ask if you're
fine with him leaving!
So tell me!
'Cause I gotta get out
of this kingdom, too!
Of course not!
It's not okay at all!
Then come with me.
Let's go.
[GUARD A]
Huh?
[GUARD B]
Lady Rebecca!
Hold on! Straw Hat! Rebecca!
[REBECCA gasps]
Viola!
I need a favor from you!
[LUFFY]
Taking off!
[MARINES gasp]
'Kay! Don't let go!
I'm trying!
[MARINE P]
There he is!
[SERVANT A]
What should we do?
[ROYAL A]
I'll go tell King Riku!
Your Majesty!
What's the matter?
It's terrible. Lady Rebecca's
been carried away by a pirate!
[DOLDO]
A pirate? What was his name?
Where did he come from?
Tell me everything!
Was he a warrior
from the coliseum?
Um. It... It was...
It was Straw Hat Luffy, sir!
[gasps]
A man just came to the Palace
and kidnapped Lady Rebecca!
I'm pretty sure it was
Straw Hat Luffy. Right?
[TOWNSMAN D]
I think so!
He's probably taking her
for ransom, isn't he?
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
But that can't be! Lucy?
It doesn't sound
like him at all!
I'm sure there's a reason!
Hey, Lucy! I still love you!
[TOWNSMAN F]
Gyats, what are you saying?
You see? This is
what happens when you
trust pirates to do
as they please!
Now go capture Straw Hat
and return the princess
to the Palace safely!
[MARINE Q]
Up there!
Special Sniper Unit,
take your shot, quickly!
Huh?
[TOWNSWOMAN A screams]
Oh, no! They collapsed
out of nowhere!
[BASTILLE] It knocked them down?
Conqueror's Haki?
[MARINE S] No, looks like
they're still conscious.
Regardless, the pirates
are about to escape!
I want battleships in place!
Send all of our forces
east to Carta!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[BARTOLOMEO] Don't give up now!
We're almost home free!
Stay with me.
The rescue team's coming soon.
Agh. Yes, sir.
You want some rice crackers?
[MARINE U]
No, thank you.
Huh?
[SENGOKU]
That's him.
[TOWNSMAN H]
Oh! There he is!
Hey!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[TOWNSMAN I]
We gotta catch Lucy!
Go on and try!
[NARRATOR] Kyros wishes
for his daughter's happiness
as he prepares for
a journey of no return.
Meanwhile, with Luffy's help,
Rebecca evades her pursuers
and rushes to see her father!
Torn between her
role as a princess
and the daughter of a warrior,
Rebecca must find a path
forward for her family.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Bond Between
Father and Daughter!
Kyros and Rebecca!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!